capture data---from survey---tepephone history
exhuasted data---insight of the survey-individual need can be capture as He calls-her gf, doctor, liquor shop. and that's all

KDD--knowledge discovery in database
selection--with--target--
-data cleaning
-tranform
data mining--selecting model-regression--
-evalution--
-knowledge representation-visualizatio

TDSP
Business Understanding: Defining the business objectives and requirements.
Data Acquisition and Understanding: Collecting and understanding the data.
Modeling: Developing models based on the data.
Deployment: Deploying the models into production.

CRISP-DM (Cross-Industry Standard Process for Data Mining)
Business Understanding: Determining the business objectives and project requirements.
Data Understanding: Collecting initial data and understanding its properties.
Data Preparation: Preparing the data for modeling.
Modeling: Creating models based on the prepared data.
Evaluation: Evaluating the models to ensure they meet the business objectives.
Deployment: Implementing the models in a production environment.
Customer Acceptance: Ensuring the solution meets business needs and is accepted by the customer.

KDD,TDSP,CRIPS-DM--similarity---
All three methodologies cover the complete process from data understanding to deployment and evaluation. mention in kdd life-cycle
They all involve iterative processes to refine and improve the models and results.

Team data science project--TDSP ---CRIPS-DM-----------Big Data analysis Life Cycle 
The Big Data analytics lifecycle can be divided into the following nine stages, as shown in Figure 3.6:
1. Business Case Evaluation--why we do this-
2. Data Identification----what we are looking- from where-
3. Data Acquisition & Filtering---data acquire and cleaned--filter-
4. Data Extraction---tranforming into certain format--ready to process-
5. Data Validation & Cleansing---outlier-removing-covid effect-
6. Data Aggregation & Representation--making one datashet from different sources.
7. Data Analysis
Some of the steps regarding data analysis are:
- Target variable exploration
- Numerical variables exploration
- Finding the correlation between variables
- Normalizing values using standard scaling, label encoding, or one-hot encoding
- Splitting the data into test and train subsets
- Build a machine-learning model
- Perform a cross-validation technique
8. Data Visualization
9. Utilization of Analysis Results

Challenges of Big Data
1--Data Management and Storage:storing volume veriety and veracity requires advance storage solution with effective management practise
.ensuring data quality , integrety and consistency with large data management became complex and costly.
2-data security and privacy--as data volume increases their privacy and security should be maintained from various attack(from various unautho
rized and breaches). as it is increasing their privacy and secuiry of such data became challenge for us.
3- data quality and integration--taking data from different sources with good quality and integate these from different to one is also challenging
4-advance analytics--handling these data requires much more complex algorithms with much more powerful computational system.

Advantage of Big data.
1.enhance decision making--it provide deep insight pattern and behaviour of the data. which will be more effective for any enterprises.
2. innovation and product development.-- from large datashet it identify the market gap and accoring to it it will desing the new product
and new innovation to fulfil the market demand.
3.operation optimization-by analysising all the operation it will provide good model for high efficency and can predict output in real-time 
with good efficency.
